What is the beginning of eternity, the end of time and space, the beginning of every end and the end of every race?
Why is an orange like a bell?
What is always on its way here, but never arrives?
What wont run long without winding?
What belongs to you, but is used by others?
Were five little items of an everyday sort; youll find us all in ‘a tennis court.
Why is a woman in love like a welder?
When is the time of a clock like the whistle of a train?
What has branches and leaves and no bark?
How many sides has a circle?
The more you take away from it the larger it grows, what is it?
Which president wears the largest hat?
There are three men in a boat with four cigarettes but no matches. How do they manage to smoke?
I have billions of eyes, yet I live in darkness. I have millions of ears, yet only four lobes. I have no muscle, yet I rule two hemispheres. What am I?
When is a person like a piece of wood?
What goes up white and comes down yellow and white?
What is it that travels on all fours in the morning, on two legs at noon, and three at twilight?
What people are always in a hurry?
What is Joan of Arc made of?
When is a prizefight like a beautiful lady?
Why is silk like grass?
What kind of men are always above board?
What do you throw away that keeps returning?
What has neither nails or bones, but has four fingers and a thumb?
What kind of pins are used in soup?
Why is a musicians bandstand like an oven?
When is the top of a mountain like a savings account?
When does a painter use a trigger instead of a brush?
Joining your mission can come with a cost, this empty reminder shows just what she lost.
A souvenir from a previous life, why hold with a hand when a hook will suffice?
Bones stripped bare beneath a warning light, pay heed, seafarers and feel his bite.
An open house for bed and dinner, is this sanctuary run by saint or sinner?
Always looking for names to besmirch, where does this newsman conduct his research?
It doesnt take much to tame a cat, make them wear this, then call the bat.
Friends of the Waynes though not as wealthy, their memorial ward keeps Gotham healthy.
The highest building in Arkham City, A Strange man worked here, who took no pity.
The Prince of Gotham sits high in his tower, yet this picture recalls a happier hour.
A former warden who had a strange turn, his appointment as mayor was a cause for concern.
Far away the deflated brute roams, leaving behind what he couldnt ship home.
An ancient order, lust for power consumed, their patron saint here is entombed.
He saved the date! All Hallows Eve! But this calendar killer took his leave.
A million dollar home for a spoilt child, his parents are dead but his parties are wild.
This tumbledown ruins not looking its best, but what do you expect from the Penguins old nest?
Need something moved quickly, in a freezer? This companys owned by a cockney geezer!
A bragging reporters worse than a narc, but perhaps the assassin has found his mark?
No Dark Knight, Staggs pet is no figment, its just lacking the usual pigment.
A visual artist with burning ambition: prove he made movies before his ignition.
You? A father figure? Dont make me laugh. You overwork and break your staff.
She and her love are no longer together, shell keep the flames burning forever and ever.
Vengeance burns darkly inside the betrayed, as they stare at reminders of debts unpaid.
With a fluffy white coat and ears standing tall, what burrowed the hole in which Alice did fall?
A psychotic doctor who caught the fear bug, the fruits of his research: a powerful drug.
Its far from PURRFECT, but she calls it home.
Racetrack
Youve been warned, people arent the only unsstable part of this city.
DA campaign special: Get two votes, for the price of one.
I wonder how you can land an appointment with this milliner? Perhaps it would be best to book?
This den is where the vicious animals take your treasure. Is it theft, if its already stolen?
This question can only be answered from an unusual perspective. Can you get yourself there?
Do you have strange thoughts? Maybe you should seek help?
I am an actor who can transform a film with the final cut. Who am I?
Six legs went in and only two came out. Where am I?
Acing the chemistry test will illuminate you.
Whos crazy enough to date this guy?
If you find the name, does the Cash come hand in hand?
You dont have to be crazy to shop here, do you?
Arkham city is not the place to be rich or famous. Bruce Wayne has never felt quite so wanted.
Cowboy, trilby, or bowler? Hats off to anyone brave enough to try one on.
The feuding families always sit down to a good meal. Will there be a massacre?
Youre a dummy if you dont try and buy one.
Do you need to look SHARP to campaign for change?
Studies have shown that if youre not on your best behaviour, youll come out crazy. How Strange?
Was the writing on the wall from the moment you entered?
This question can only be answered from an unusual perspective. Can you get yourself there?
You dont want to be caught off-guard in this place, do you?
My intellect towers above yours, Batman. I wonder if youll ever solve this riddle?
This questions can only be answered from an unusual perspective. Can you get yourself there?
Which acrobat family gambled with their lives, and has now been left to fly solo?
Would an invitation to party like the gods be a bolt out of the blue?
If youre afraid, dont be scared to crow about it.
This place has taken a TURN for the worse. Is it a little BEAR for your tastes?
Always a shining example of justice? Not if you ask me.
If she is the ROOT of evil, how could anyone be expected to CONTAIN her?
Look out! Can you see where the madness began?
Park in his spot and you may just get a ticket.
Which notorious family keeps talking trash?
Can you find this cool couple before the romance thaws?
This question can only be answered from an unusual perspective. Can you get yourself there?
Breaking news! Get out while you still can.
If youre planning on making a mark in Arkham City, youll need a special kind of realtor.
Was this parasite ratted out, or does he continue to plague Gotham?
Air, sea or land. It would be criminal not to use these wise guys, wouldnt it?
Racetrack